Tina Marie: I know I saw that, but
Tina Marie: I wasn't sure if you took it anywhere from there.
Tina Marie: or if you had seen it.
Dan: Hello!
Tina Marie: Hello!
Tina Marie: Are you there? Can you hear me?
Dan: I can. Can you hear me?
Tina Marie: Yes, but you're muffled.
Dan: Well, it's the best you're gonna get.
Tina Marie: That's terrible.
Dan: This is the same damn headset that worked worked last week. I don't get it.
Tina Marie: I wish I could let you hear what you sound like.
Dan: Alright!
Dan: Right! Hold on.
Dan: speaker, it is.
Tina Marie: That's better.
Dan: No, it's not. No, I can't hear you.
Tina Marie: Oh!
Dan: Somewhat. Hold on!
Dan: Come on, Paul.
Tina Marie: You can do it.
Dan: Oh, it won't let me switch to.
Dan: Why won't we switch the speaker?
Dan: Boom.
Tina Marie: Alright. Oh, now we're all.
Dan: Now we're all copathetic.
Tina Marie: Copacetic. That was not a word you hear very often.
Tina Marie: Actually, I bet you I probably heard it from less than 3 people ever.
Dan: Oh, really.
Tina Marie: Yes, and they're all nerds.
Tina Marie: I think I'm funny.
Tina Marie: No, but in a good way, though smart, like, very different than everybody else.
Tina Marie: Walk to the beat of their own drums. Yeah, it is not a common word.
Dan: No, no, not at all.
Tina Marie: The trying to. I won't want my desktop to be snapped to grid. Show you options. Hold on a second.
Tina Marie: You're not to grid and automatically organized. So why can't I move this folder that's dumb
Tina Marie: needed to be moved? Oh, sort by none. That's what it is. Okay.
Tina Marie: So what's new this week?
Dan: So the they accepted all the terms, or whatever changes
Dan: of the distro flowy contract yesterday. So
Dan: I don't know. Probably tomorrow, maybe today.
Dan: Got on the worksheets over to Greg.
Dan: so that will finish the book for real Z.
Dan: Once once we add them to the book.
Dan: I've been working on a modeling out this whole catalog thing like
Dan: signing that band, the oxymorons, or whatever that shit ain't gonna work.
Dan: It's like sorry, Sean.
Dan: Sorry guys, you know, it would be cool. Not doing this.
Dan: It. It will not make money. So I'm like, what's the point.
Dan: But I gotta finish it. See how bad it is.
Dan: So there's this this idea of like
Dan: I can. Well, I don't think we really talked about this, but the original concept was.
Dan: hey, there are these bands that have a catalog all their songs right? And then
Dan: the I'll give you the the sort of I think this is sort of where the genesis of it came from.
Dan: Is there a band? There's a band called Taproot
Dan: and they are on. I'm gonna say, Atlantic records. I forget who and Atlantic records is like.
Dan: yeah, we don't give a shit about you.
Dan: We're never going to give you another dime.
Dan: You could do whatever the hell you want? So I think
Dan: there they will not be released from the label. But then the label also will not support them essentially.
Dan: And so that band's like stuck in limbo, but they get
Dan: so, and they own nothing right? So the label owns the entire their entire catalog.
Dan: So if they get 1 million streams on spotify, they get $0, and
Dan: so the only way they can make money is to play live shows which they get nothing of sell merch whatever. I don't even think they're releasing songs, probably because they're still on the label. I might be wrong about that.
Dan: So they're kind of stuck.
Dan: So either they're releasing. They're not releasing songs because they're stuck in label, or they're not releasing songs because they can't afford to play paper, whatever. There's a reason
Dan: so
Dan: so you could go in and buy that catalog from Atlantic. Say, Hey, I want to buy this off of you. I'll give you Xyz.
Dan: and then you would go to the band and say, Okay.
Dan: I now own it, Van Ploy, mom, whatever you want to call it.
Dan: And now we're going to put out. We're gonna I'm gonna this is the deal you're gonna earn from your catalog now.
Dan: and we're going to start putting out new music. And we're going to start promoting your old catalog building a fan list like do the whole thing.
Dan: So in that respect that catalog
Dan: is currently a cash flowing asset.
Dan: It's getting, however, many streams a month on spotify, and that is equaling dollars. So there's a value to that asset that you can kind of figure out.
Dan: And then there's a value in well, what happens if I purposefully tried to grow this asset right now? Nobody's marketing it right? So it's a distressed asset.
Dan: So almost like private equity. You come in and say, Hey, I'm going to buy this thing, and I'm going to put the shit that I'm good at behind it, because I know it's going to make more money. And then in a private equity scenario, you'd be like, and I'm selling this in 7 years. Right? They come in fix, grow, sell.
Dan: Here you come in.
Dan: Oh, sorry, acquire, fix, grow cell.
Dan: Here you come in, you say, acquire, fix, grow, stay
Dan: so you're like you just keep supporting this band
Dan: in, you know, in perpetuity. But the music pays off forever, right? Unlike private equity. It's like, yeah. That business
Dan: doesn't have a lifetime of forever. But this mute does right, or it has a much more
Dan: certainly a longer life than 7 years.
Dan: So
Dan: Haprood wanted us to buy their catalog right? They want to do this they want. So Mark was like, Oh.
Dan: I was like, all right, whatever. But nobody modeled that out. I'm like, Well, what? What do you buy it for?
Dan: So then Sean ended up in a situation where his label came to him, and they said, Hey, yeah.
Dan: we don't want you guys anymore.
Dan: We're not going to support you. We do not want to pay for any more music. Your your deal with us is up.
Dan: PS.
Dan: We own a hundred percent of your catalog because you sold it to us.
Dan: So that then Sean found himself in a similar situation except those guys are touring. They do put out. They want to put out music whatever.
Dan: So Sean needed to by his catalog or want wanted to.
Dan: And this is months ago.
Dan: So one morning, like I was laying in bed, and I was like, Oh, he was texting me, and I started devising like, well, how would you, you know, value this like you? There's a fixed rate that you get for a song stream. It's like point 0 0 4. It's like super ridiculously low.
Dan: So, anyway, I came up with a formula, and then I factored in like.
Dan: well, you can't say that that's true, because spotify if spotify is the leading thing right now, and they're leading. I think they have 30, something percent of the market. But they're so they're the market leader. But they drive most of the revenue.
Dan: And it's like, yeah, but that's not gonna be true forever.
Dan: So I need to depreciate what revenue would come from that.
Dan: So I came up with an idea around that, and I like depreciated the payouts of times. So anyway, I ended up with a number of, and then I. And then I
Dan: put some variable on it, right? So like a
Dan: I forget, like a 2 x or a 4 x, and and I, you know.
Dan: justify that. So I forget somehow. And anyway, the number I came up with, I think, was like 200 grand. I was like, yeah dude. This shit's legitimately worth 200 grand. You should go offer them 200 grand as an owner, finance deal.
Dan: And Sean was like, What's that I was like? Just tell them you'll give them like 50 grand, 40 grand down. Then you'll pay the rest over X period of time. But you start collecting all the revenue immediately. So you're gonna basically pay them off with the revenue that already exists.
Dan: And I don't.
Dan: I don't think he really picked up what I was laying down to be honest, and I
Dan: be also honest, like I didn't really fucking care. I was like, this is what I get. I gave him. The this is what I would do. I would do this. So he ended up taking all that to them, and he changed the number to 1, 60,
Dan: and they said yes.
Dan: and then I don't know why he did this. I wasn't involved. Then he went out. Guess
Dan: you know they didn't have a hundred 60 grand, obviously.
Dan: So he went to a 3rd party and said, Hey, I've got this deal over here. If you give me 1 60, I can buy the whole catalog.
Dan: What do you want for that?
Dan: Basically.
Dan: So or no, he's he went to them and said, basically, he sold 50%
Dan: of the catalog, which was worth 200 in my estimation, or 200, as it's at right now, right? Whatever
Dan: he sold 50% of the catalog for.
Dan: I think he might have sold it for 200 grand, but forever.
Dan: So he basically, yeah. So I think that's what he did. He sold 200 grand of 50% forever.
Dan: They gave.
Tina Marie: That's great!
Dan: And yeah of his.
Tina Marie: Or.
Dan: Or.
Tina Marie: Lands down right.
Dan: Yeah, this is about to go down. It may be done already.
Dan: Yeah, Lansdowne. So he gets 200 grand. He goes, buys at 1 60 they pocket 40.
Dan: And now I mean, whereas it stands right now, Lansdowne. Same thing. They don't make any money.
Dan: but they'd instantly start making. I think his. I think his catalog does 4 grand a month.
Dan: so the band will instantly start making 2 grand a month. Their plan is to plow the 2 grand back into marketing
Dan: and grow the catalog, and then going forward. They own everything.
Dan: but he's also trying to do a deal with another company which I don't understand this, either.
Dan: and I didn't know you could do this.
Dan: So it's almost like a label. In a way.
Dan: it's less onerous than a label. Right a label gets, you know, the whales amount 80, 20, right?
Dan: He's selling the futures of Lansdowne, hey? With the next song we release you get 50%.
Dan: So he's selling the futures. I don't know if it's the next 10 songs, the next 20, the next everything. But he has another deal going, 50% of futures. And it's like a couple. It's like a hundred grand or more.
Dan: So I was like, Oh, okay. But none of those deals make sense to me. I'm like Bro.
Dan: You should have just sold me. I would have sold me 10% of Lansdowne forever for 160 grand.
Dan: and I would have bought it.
Tina Marie: And okay.
Tina Marie: Tell him that. What did he say?
Dan: I think I did, I think. Well, I didn't say me, but I was like, you know, you could do it like this.
Dan: I did the math like it was a 15% return.
Dan: What I had figured out was like for it to be interesting to any investor.
Dan: it would need to be between 15 and 20, because it's a 2015 to 20% return.
Dan: because it's just such. A. It's such a weird sort of niche thing, and you gotta beat the market. But whatever so.
Dan: anyway.
Dan: I am. So then what happened was this. This low, level band appeared. They met them on the the ship cruise thing that Sean and those guys played at.
Dan: It's this band called oxymorons.
Dan: And they're like, Come, they're like up and coming.
Dan: They're you know. They're they're not huge on spotify by any means. But they they were on this
Dan: tour thing on the boat.
Dan: and they met Sean and Mark and them. And then those guys were talking about Fan Flowy.
Dan: and these dudes were all into it. They were like, Oh, my God! This sounds amazing like we need that.
Dan: but they were also like talking to labels, and they're like, we don't really want to sign with the label, because they had already signed with the label, I guess, at some point. So they didn't want to sign with the label.
Dan: So then Sean and Mark were like, we can do the catalog thing with them, except they don't have a catalog, so we'll just buy into their current
Dan: the current streams that they have, and then they have an unreleased album. So they have a whole album that's in the can. So you would get that you'd get your percent of royalties on that Yada Yada Yada.
Dan: you know what would be cool.
Dan: So they're like pressuring me now. It will only be 15 grand. And
Dan: but I'm like modeling it out based on their current.
Dan: So then I was like, though. So then Sean modeled it out. And I was like, dude. These are all just guesses
Dan: like, you're just guessing these these numbers aren't real
Dan: and then I realized yesterday or 2 days ago, whatever one of the bands that we work with presently called Anaria.
Dan: they've been on the platform like from very early on.
Dan: And it's like pre launch. They were around.
Dan: So those guys have been running ads and stuff for them since December of 23.
Dan: And the software.
Dan: actually, they were using lead flowy. So we 1st started building this out on Lead Flowy. So those guys were on lead flowy quote unquote fan flowy
Dan: like then. And then. So we've been running ads for them, and then they're they've been like, they really. I gotta hand it to them. They've really adopted, like all of it.
Dan: Hey? We're releasing songs consistently. Hey, we're going to use all these fan promotions, hey? We're going to run ads to build the fan list.
Dan: And then Mark has been tracking data associated with them.
Dan: And I realized, Oh, wait a minute. If I just treat them as if they were that thing.
Dan: what does the math look like?
Dan: Let me sum it up for you. Horrible! That's what the math looks like.
Dan: It's like. You would never make any money. You make more money being their coach than you do, being their partner, or whatever the hell you want to call it.
Tina Marie: Of the of the musicians.
Dan: Yeah. So like, there, if you were to be like, if we were to have signed them and invested money and time
Dan: into the ad like. So instead of them paying for ad management, we were doing it as part of being the label for lack of a better term
Dan: and then we were getting 50% of their stream revenue, you'd lose money.
Dan: You'd lose a lot. Those guys don't believe that I was like, well, I'm not the one saying it.
Dan: or I'm not going to be the one saying it. Once I finish the spreadsheet, so
Dan: I just don't think so. I'm trying to come up with like an intake.
Dan: So the early intake is, hey? If a band has less than X amount of streams per month, it's just a no go
Dan: like you could get them on the platform. Get them working.
Dan: show them a good time, and then if they catch fire like they're going to be, you know they're going to feel indebted to you, and you're going to have helped them get to that next level. Then you approach them with that deal. But
Dan: there's no point in like
Dan: I, the oxymoron guys get like 3,000 streams a month or something. I'm like, it's just too upside down
Dan: also. Well, yeah. And then my argument to them is, I'd rather go fucking, sell 3 people on fanflowy
Dan: period like leverage.
Dan: I'd rather spend time generating leads.
Tina Marie: Yeah, they're still in the shiny object phase, and also feeling like they've got to
Tina Marie: hustle and make money a particular way, which is making the music.
Tina Marie: but it's not really the most the easiest way to make the money.
Dan: It ties more into the the big, the you know, the we want to be a global name, I was like.
Dan: but you don't know how to do it.
Dan: You don't know how to do that. You think this is the way to do it. I'm telling you it's not.
Tina Marie: That really is still their focus.
Dan: I mean they said it 3 years ago. I don't. I doubt it.
Tina Marie: Okay, so you you well, I I would say
Tina Marie: 3 years ago, if I asked you any of you what was your main goal? That's what it is. Do you still feel like that is now? And before you answer.
Dan: What's my?
Dan: Their, their main goal or mine?
Tina Marie: There's.
Dan: Yeah, I think that.
Dan: And tell them before you answer.
Dan: It's marks.
Tina Marie: No, it was Sean's. It was Jim's.
Tina Marie: I don't know.
Dan: No, I know, but I think Mark is like.
Tina Marie: Oh!
Dan: You know, I guess really.
Tina Marie: It was theirs, because it was Mark's is what you're saying.
Dan: Yes.
Dan: I mean, I think they but all except Johnny. I think Johnny's really. I mean, I think Johnny's just along for the ride to a degree.
Dan: Yeah, I think that they it's just. It's the ultimate, you know, what would be cool. And I'm like, no, I mean, yeah, it would be cool. I'm not disagreeing with you. But would it be cool at the expense of
Dan: not making any money?
Dan: It's like, but I think they think that those things go hand in hand. I'm like they really don't.
Tina Marie: You know what is cool, is having regular money coming in that allows you the freedom to live your life and do whatever you want to.
Tina Marie: including the cool things, but you don't have to. That's cool.
Dan: Well, and if you build this other thing, I'm convinced.
Dan: I mean, I literally like feel it in my bones. So I'm like, I know I'm not wrong.
Dan: If you build this other thing those things will happen. They will just be a natural extension of it, except they'll happen in the right way
Dan: doing it early, just because you can
Dan: almost guarantees it happens the wrong way.
Dan: And I'm like we just. It's just a distraction like
Dan: it's too early. I'd rather get a thousand people on Fanflow, because then what happens when you don't have?
Dan: I mean, I know what happens when you don't have this worry about making money
Dan: and having to hustle. And this space opens up.
Dan: and then, you know, they're all so different, and then they can all just sort of
Dan: be in their. You know the proverbial zone of genius.
Dan: Only good things can happen from that. But when when you're just trying to hustle and make money like you're not working at your most optimal
Dan: blah blah, and then they can all start like injecting methylene blue, and it'll be great.
Tina Marie: Alrighty, then.
Tina Marie: So
Tina Marie: you finished the book? You were making some modifications last week working on the worksheets. How did that come about?
Dan: So they're all defined and text, or at least the current draft of the texts
Dan: are done. I think there were 5. I sent them all to Greg yesterday
Dan: one was kind of already done.
Dan: Oh, actually
Dan: 2, 2 became one. So I was like, Hey, I think you can just blend those 2 together.
Dan: Then there's going to be like an extra one that I decided we're not going to do, I said. Just keep that. Keep that in the figma. So then he has to basically design or build whatever both.
Dan: 4.
Dan: So I sent those to him last night, and then him and I did like the
Dan: solution map already. So that's done. So the back of the book will be the solution map
Dan: in like 5 5 worksheets.
Dan: and then the worksheets are directly tied to onboarding like I talked about last week. So it's like one, is your royalty checklist. So it'll be like, hey? When we do the royalty call. Make sure you have this filled out.
Dan: But also, if you're not a coaching client.
Dan: here's your checklist. You should do all the things on this checklist.
Tina Marie: I like that
Tina Marie: a lot. Do you have it? Can we look at it? I'm just curious. It's not important.
Dan: It's not, it's not done.
Dan: I just sent him a bunch of text.
Tina Marie: Hold on. I gotta go back to my notes.
Tina Marie: Nope, that's not right.
Tina Marie: Second product.
Tina Marie: is this it? No?
Tina Marie: Okay, so that's with that. Oh, anything with.
Tina Marie: There's a few things that I want to ask about. So
Tina Marie: I kind of also want to ask about David like I'm trying to remember the conversation that you were having with him last. I'm just curious like that evolution.
Tina Marie: I was working on, by the way.
Tina Marie: So this is so annoying. What do you call it? Chat? Gpt.
Tina Marie: I think we talked about this last week, but like it goes in cycles of retardation, basically.
Dan: Oh, yeah.
Tina Marie: And it's in one of those, and it's just
Tina Marie: I'm like, Are you drunk? What the hell is wrong with you? So like I'm having a conversation with it, and it's pulling in
Tina Marie: stuff from other conversations.
Dan: Oh, yeah, totally. That would be. I was like, why didn't you say that.
Tina Marie: I mean, we're not even talking about that right now.
Tina Marie: So.
Dan: Using a word like it wasn't even a word, but it kept inserting this non word
Dan: at like the end of a sentence. And I'm like, what is that? Why do you keep doing that? And it's like, Oh, my! I'm sorry. That's from our blah blah conversation. I got confused. I got mixed up, and I go. Yeah, but that's not a word.
Dan: It was so weird.
Tina Marie: Yeah. So it's been wrong.
Dan: Answer for that.
Tina Marie: So I cause I it's weird, though. So one thing it actually did really good today was actually, tell me, you misunderstand, that you shouldn't be focusing on that. You should do this because normally what it does is kiss. Ass!
Tina Marie: I'm like that's not useful to me. I don't need you to do that. I don't want you to do that. You're here to help me think better not to tell me how great I am.
Dan: Right.
Tina Marie: So it it did that today. And I was like, that's awesome. And then everything was downhill from there. I'm like that was completely retarded.
Tina Marie: So Claude
Tina Marie: finally came out with their upgrade of like, Hey, we heard you. You're running into limitations. Here's the upgrade option. I'm like, all right. We'll see.
Tina Marie: Get the upgrade was working in a project. The project was, let's, you know, put these client stuff all together right, and work with this data. Better.
Tina Marie: So there's 2, 3 ways. Anyway, I'll get to the other thing. I don't wanna get off track. But so upgraded. And immediately limitation limitation limitation at the same exact thing when it was supposed to be 20 times longer. So I don't know if it's supposed to. It's not conversation specific like where the hell is this extra? Or you know what, I wonder is if I need to just quit and then
Tina Marie: try it again or update it, or something. But either way that was an issue.
Tina Marie: But the other thing and the original plan was, build it through like
Tina Marie: Pinecone and taking advantage of Mcp with with the programming and custom doing that. But
Tina Marie: as great as everything is, size, limitations and continuity across
Tina Marie: large amounts of data is the hard thing. And it just takes a lot of time.
Tina Marie: But as I do like, get into it and be like, Oh, well, what if we go this way? And it's mostly because I get annoyed because it it will do something stupid, and I'm like your stupidity annoys me, and I can't fire you, and I can't threaten you and I can't go hire somebody else, anyway.
Dan: It's annoying.
Tina Marie: But I would say that of the tools right now. My favorite way to organize this probably will be clawed even with the limitations, because of
Tina Marie: the artifacts. So you remember that one website like that? It put together for band flowy. Just kind of doing some calculations with it.
Dan: Yep.
Tina Marie: I think that like creating a a client tracker with that same kind of thing, and then it'll probably just, you know. Take a few hours is all, which is nothing. Really consider the visual that I'll get out of it, and the tracking that I can do. But
Tina Marie: Chat Gpt can't do that. I don't want to touch anything, Elon, the dude has data from the ground and data from the sky, like, I know, I don't mean anything, but I definitely like, just don't want to participate in it at all. You know what I mean
Tina Marie: like I just I don't.
Dan: My favorite. It's my favorite sorry, so.
Tina Marie: Is he?
Dan: It's so good.
Tina Marie: What is? Oh, Brock.
Dan: Yeah, it's so good. It's it's the best one
Dan: period like, I give it a spreadsheet. And I'm like, son of a bitch. This thing actually works.
Tina Marie: What? So what did you use it for? Cause I nobody else is talking about it, so I don't know.
Dan: So I talked to it about building the model. So I talked to it about
Dan: I have like multiple threads going. But one of them was about.
Dan: So you would have with Mom. You would have
Dan: for sure 2 entities. I think so. One entity would be all the software distro flowey fan, flowy follower, flow, whatever all those.
Dan: and then to protect it from the liability of potentially doing a label thing right? So on the label side, you have the you have like the tap root that one can work like that. PPE.
Dan: Style catalog can work because
Dan: it's a cash flowing asset. And you can actually do the math on how it should be acquired, and you can project out what it's going to make. But if it's if it's making
Dan: sub $1,000 like anaria. And these other guys like it does work.
Dan: So I had a I designed like 3 different funds for lack of a better term.
Dan: One was like this sort of legacy thing, which would be a tap root. Another one would be something more like Sean's, which is I forget I had a name for that. And then the 3rd one was this idea. It's like a cow.
Dan: a list fund. So it's like, Oh, yeah, they're, you know, they catch fire, but that's the one that I don't think is gonna work. But I've been using Grock to be like, hey? What would? What would I want to track?
Dan: What would I want to know doing this like while I'm doing it before, like I think, I started out saying, how would I intake a band based on this idea?
Dan: Okay, I want to look at and using spotify as like the main source. And then we'll just
Dan: we'll just project out what we think it makes from apple or whatever based on their market share. So it's like, all right, you want to track this, this, this, this and this. And so this is over the course of days. I fed it
Dan: tracking data that Mark had that I didn't know about. I was like, okay, we're tracking this. And it's like, Oh, yeah, that's all good. And you, wanna you want to do this, you want to do that.
Dan: And then at the end I said, All right, I want you to give me a spreadsheet based on what you're talking about, and then I'm going to go fill it in.
Dan: And it was like, Okay, here you go. Here's the Csv, and I was like, put dummy data in it. So I know what I'm doing. It's like, here you go. So I've been filling that in.
Dan: And I was like, hot. Damn, this is gonna work I'm gonna have to take it back in, because now I'm looking at it. But it was like I couldn't even
Dan: a I didn't want to sit there and start building all the column right trying to figure it out. I was like, I, just, I need like a
Dan: an 80% start. So it gave me like an 80% start. And I was like, all right. And then when I got in there, I'd start moving columns around. And I was like, Okay, yeah, yeah, all right, I'm seeing it. And then I'm like, Okay, I'd add a column here. And all right, this is, I think this is gonna work, or it's gonna get me closer. And then I realized, today I was like, Oh, I'll bet we can project out in the future now what the streams would be, because I've got
Dan: like a year's worth of data, which is not enough.
Dan: But I'm like, Okay, but
Dan: quarterly, I'm like, Okay, if I look at the quarterly at growth of streams. And I and I'm like tracking where we did promotions and what promotions they were.
Dan: And then I also realized which. I will go back to it with that you really should not use
Dan: the I don't think you should not use the total streams, which is what we're using right now.
Dan: So you're looking at the monthly total streams, which yes, that times point 0 0 4 is the revenue.
Dan: But we are operating from a singles perspective.
Dan: So I would want to see. We're never promoting the catalog. We're promoting a song.
Dan: So it's like, Okay, I need to be tracking every song by stream and then rolling that up into the total, like the total is comprised of
Dan: 60 songs or whatever.
Dan: And then, when a song comes out, I'm promoting that song.
Dan: so I need to know what happens when I promote that specific song.
Dan: And then, yeah, I know that goes towards the total. But what what's happening with that song. And then how does that song affect other songs in the catalog? So when I start juicing that song, do we see another song? Other songs start picking up? I know the answer is, yes, but I can't see it.
Dan: but I'd be able to in the future.
Dan: So it's building like a model. And then.
Dan: sadly, it's like software. I was like, Oh, we nobody's doing this. I'm like, we, we need to probably build this thing.
Tina Marie: Yeah. So what would it take to do that?
Dan: I've been talking to the spotify developer. What it would take is the model like, build the model.
Dan: So this is the data that we need. Okay. Great, how do we get? How do we get that piece? That piece? That piece, that piece?
Dan: It looks pretty straightforward. It would just be
Dan: Well, data.
Dan: Oh, I think we've like cut.
Dan: Not for a second.
Tina Marie: Said it would just be, and then you were gone.
Dan: With spotify. You cannot pull old data, which is bizarre.
Dan: but they don't let you do it via their Api. So if you wanted the streams for a song.
Dan: If you wanted the data that I'm talking about, you would have to start tracking it like right now today
Dan: and forward.
Dan: So in order to backfill the data
Dan: you can go to. There's a 3rd party company called Chart Chart Metric or chart metrics.
Dan: and depending on the band, and
Dan: they may or may not have that data. They may or may not have it for all the songs.
Dan: What to tell you? I'm not even fucking, moving.
Dan: So I'm not sure you can go backwards to the degree that you would need to. But you can always go forwards.
Dan: So it's like, Okay, so I don't know. I don't know.
Dan: I think I think it's possible, but I don't know yet, so if I can build the model.
Dan: then maybe.
Tina Marie: Like.
Tina Marie: What level of interest do you have in that.
Dan: So it would.
Dan: It would answer the question on whether or not I mean I'm doing it.
Tina Marie: Yes.
Dan: It would answer. In theory. When I build this.
Dan: it becomes sort of which was my whole goal.
Dan: I'm going to build it around a band that we are not working with, but they fit all the pieces. So then, if I then zeroed this thing out and said, Okay, now, this is about
Dan: Tina Band, and I go populate with Tina Band's data
Dan: to me. It's like an intake thing. So
Dan: the next band I would do it with would be with Lansdowne.
Dan: because I have all or one of the other bands that we're close to.
Dan: So if if you or taproot, if we could get their data. But, Lansdowne, we can get.
Dan: So then I if I stuck in Lansdowne. And I said, Okay, well, I know Lansdowne.
Dan: It just sold for whatever, but I also know I put a $200,000 price tag on it. What would be the deal that we would do with them? How much money would we spend on it? How much money we spend on promotion like I can model out acquiring Lansdown.
Dan: And then I think, then you come to the deal right? So the deal that Sean.
Dan: you know, Sean, did 50 50,
Dan: I would hope 50 50 works like 50 50 doesn't work.
Dan: you know. I think part of the goal, at least in my mind, is, you don't want to be onerous like you don't want to be like a label.
Dan: Well, if you don't want to be like a label, 50, 50 sounds less labely than 80, 20. And then it's like, Okay, if it doesn't work at 50, 50. Maybe this just isn't possible
Dan: to do, you know, or or if if it has to go, 60, 40, and you want to be artist, friendly and give them more. Can you do that? Yes or no?
Dan: So it'll just be a matter of like the data is, gonna tell you I do think it will work with these higher level
Dan: catalogs. I don't think it will ever work with the band band like an oxymoron's. So then the deal with the oxymorons becomes more label like
Dan: meaning. It has to start at 80, 20,
Dan: and then it can shift over time or like a label back in the day, you're saying, Hey, I'm going to lay out this money.
Dan: and I need to recoup it all like it. It suddenly becomes more like a label, except you can
Dan: design it over time where you're giving up shares back to the band so that they stay, and something like that
Dan: would be, you know. I don't know.
Tina Marie: Say that last sentence one more time. Please.
Dan: It's so that that, like, you might have to start out with where it skews towards
Dan: the employer, mom heavier in order to make it work. But then over time, you're shifting the percentages. So you're okay. And then in year 3, you you get 10% back in year 4. So then in year 7 or 8, it's 50 50. So it has to start
Dan: with, or we have to know. Hey? No, we're gonna go 40 grand in the hole.
Dan: but it's gonna come back this year. If this deals like Sean, had it at 4 years, it'll never work 4 years. But if we put a 10 year horizon on it. And you say, Okay, if we do it at this, and it's a 10 year deal.
Dan: provided spotify doesn't go out of business, right? That's sort of one of the calculations you have to make. Then it works. So then it's like, Okay, well, that's fine, like you sunk cost
Dan: makes it up in 10 years. Great but sunk cost. Trying to get whole again in 4 years.
Dan: probably is never going to work on that type of deal, so we'll see.
Tina Marie: Could you build like a really simple, simple kind of calculator with the formula that
Tina Marie: I mean, you're not going to know certain things. But you, you could probably identify specific types of patterns that you know, within a set parameter of
Tina Marie: possibility versus probability. And you know, those guys especially
Tina Marie: need to understand the difference between the 2 right? Just because something's possible doesn't mean it's probable and and we probably have enough information to at least say that, like it's super improbable that this is going to be profitable within a year. 2, 3, 4, 5. Whatever you know what I mean, like, what are the parameters where you could create a formula to at least immediately go absolutely not. Or
Tina Marie: this is potentially something that we could work with. Here's why.
Dan: When this spreadsheet is done I will have that.
Dan: So it's like
Dan: other section was like, Oh, if they work with us, we'll increase it? 10%. I'm like, based on what? Like, what are you talking about? Like? Yeah, that sounds great. But is that true? And if it's not true.
Dan: then what? And then is 10% enough, do we? How do you even know?
Dan: So his math was like, kind of all over the place. It was like Rose. It was super rosy, and it was not very detailed. And whereas you know me, I'm like my sheets already, like way too long. And I'm like it's gonna get even longer.
Dan: But mine will be
Dan: correct it. And it's just gonna it's gonna tell. So, for instance, anaria, for all intent, they've they're paying for coaching every month. They are this deal, except
Dan: we didn't sign them to a deal, but they're investing the money in themselves.
Dan: using all the strategies that we're telling that we would use on an artist that we signed. So what happened? Did they get 10% growth, yes or no? Well, then, how can we say someone else is going to get it when they're doing the exact same thing? They're doing what we tell them to do. They're doing the thing?
Dan: And does the thing make money? Does the thing create 10%? Does the thing create fans?
Dan: And I'm telling you, the answer is, no.
Tina Marie: Like.
Dan: But on on that level band.
Dan: for sure, bigger level band, different story.
Dan: So I think that's that. But that was my thing. It's like, but there's a
Dan: it. It'll tell me the avatar of these funds. It's like, okay.
Dan: you know, like Sean's 300,000 streams a month.
Dan: So is he that middle tier, and if he is.
Dan: I build the model and say, Okay, well, then, this is this is the deal you would do with a band like that. Our taproot, this even higher level. They're they're 4 times as big as Lansdown.
Dan: Okay, great. Let's plug in their numbers. Or maybe they're, you know I don't know.
Dan: At the end of the day I don't know until I know.
Tina Marie: Yeah.
Dan: And then there's the idea of, like
Dan: the the super low end idea which I've
Dan: I'm like. This idea probably actually works better.
Dan: is you go find the person on Tiktok that's got their acoustic in the bedroom, and they got 100,000 views. And you say, hey, I'll pay 1,500 bucks to make that song with you, put you on fanflowy, release it. And I get 50% for life
Dan: like that probably would work better.
Dan: So that's like, that's like the total Vc move. So you're like, I'm just gonna go drop a thousand 1,500 bucks on these people over and over and over and over again
Dan: until I find unicorns.
Tina Marie: I'm just visualizing unicorns.
Dan: Yeah.
Tina Marie: Okay, sorry.
Tina Marie: Another 71 you guys just got
Tina Marie: what do you call it? Releases score releases right?
Dan: It's happening right now.
Tina Marie: Right? Okay, how long does that go on.
Dan: It's typically 3 days.
Tina Marie: Oh, I thought that was last week, though.
Dan: Nope
Dan: the yesterday. Well, it's officially yesterday's, but it actually starts the day before, like because of time zones, or whatever. So technically, price started Tuesday, for as far as
Dan: people were getting scores early, but the bulk of them came out yesterday.
Dan: And then today. So it's usually like, you know, it's like 3 to 4 days.
Dan: but the the big day would be yesterday.
Tina Marie: So.
Tina Marie: 1st of all, when will you know how to compare it to previous score releases.
Dan: What do you mean? I mean, we we have. We have all that.
Dan: So we track weekly sales all the way back to 2,018. So every on Monday
Dan: we'll have a chart, or we have a chart that goes back to 2,018. It's not Updated, so Bobby will send all. He'll commit all the updates on Saturday, probably, and then
Dan: on Monday, when we get on the call, he sends out, he sends out the same thing every Monday, and it's like leads from last week sales from last week.
Dan: upgrades from last everything from last week, and then there's a comparative quarterly that shows every quarter going back
Dan: 6 years.
Dan: so you can see like, oh, in this quarter. And last year we were doing 40 sales, 22 sales a day this quarter this year. We're doing this way. Last week we did exactly. You know, this many sales per day the week prior. It was
Dan: so you can see, like, okay, this is how it changed from week to week. This is how it changed from month to month. This is how it changed year over year.
Dan: and then at the bottom of that text or or chat, whatever
Dan: is, he takes a screenshot of this chart that.
Tina Marie: Did you keep cutting out for chunks.
Dan: And it shows sales and cancellation. It's a gigantic.
Dan: What we'll see on Monday is a gigantic green spike of sales, and then you just go. You look left, and you can see it. It's so interesting you can see every other score release forever.
Dan: And that's how you compare.
Tina Marie: Yeah, so
Dan: So this score release should be bigger, I would say, because it's
Dan: the first.st
Dan: No, it's the second one, just
Dan: purely based on the customer base is larger.
Dan: but it's like score releases don't factor into the model. Really. I mean, we just know that they happen
Dan: and it's like it's still just about the daily customers. The daily subscribers like that's the number that
Dan: that's the primary Kpi.
Dan: And then you just know, when score release comes, that you'll you're gonna get some crazy amount of sales. But
Dan: we don't promote score release or anything like that.
Dan: I guess we do send emails. But nothing crazy.
Tina Marie: So with with Mark and the whale stuff.
Tina Marie: Yeah, he, whatever he's gonna be busy this whole weekend, he's at a brain something conference.
Tina Marie: and he didn't ask. Answer the question that I asked, which is, what did you get out of this last year? Because it's like 4 days, and he's like, I'm here for the nuggets. But basically, it's a bunch of inflated egos. And all these things that he doesn't like. And I'm like, Okay, what could you quantify, say that you got out of it last year? That was worth even going.
Dan: It's like a brain injury thing.
Tina Marie: I don't know something brain related about the brain. I don't know.
Dan: But like your brain, like to make you smarter, or is it attorneys and brains.
Tina Marie: No, yeah. I think.
Dan: These are brains. It's brain injury.
Tina Marie: Yeah, probably.
Dan: Yeah, which is dumb. He doesn't need to go to that.
Dan: How many, how many brain injury clients does he get.
Tina Marie: Let me ask him this.
Dan: And if he does get one he he refers it out.
Tina Marie: Channel
Tina Marie: brain injuries.
Tina Marie: Related.
Tina Marie: 2 PI.
Tina Marie: Okay.
Tina Marie: let's see.
Tina Marie: going back over notes from our stuff.
Tina Marie: So for the spotify alternative that you are working on.
Tina Marie: Is that live now, like, where's that at.
Dan: Wait what there, what no.
Tina Marie: So do you spotify.
Dan: Alternative.
Tina Marie: Yes, you were gonna build this.
Dan: Bye, bye.
Tina Marie: And it was.
Dan: No.
Tina Marie: You are working around that with love.
Dan: Mine, that one.
Tina Marie: No. Okay.
Dan: That is, it's not. It's a
Dan: That's the 1st thing I mentioned. It's not spotify. It's like Distro Kid or CD baby. It's a distribution white label. So that
Dan: I'm probably gonna sign that tomorrow.
Dan: So that we negotiated. Yeah, we negotiate points back and forth. They agreed to everything basically because I'm 99%. Sure they don't have a lawyer.
Tina Marie: Meaning that that's not gonna slow it down because they have to put it through. A lawyer.
Dan: Meaning. They sent over the contract thinking we're gonna sign it. And I sent it to Reno or Warren Stacy's, another who is a contract lawyer, and he went ham on it.
Dan: He's like redlining all this shit I was like, Oh, God! And then we sent it back, and they're like, oh, you guys like, okay, let me run it by the team. So they and then they sent it back. They accepted everything, all the changes and and right I was like this is actually isn't a bad contract. But he pointed out a couple of things and helped make some some clarifications. Then they sent it back.
Dan: and they had maybe 4 things. And then he changed those.
Dan: And and then they had a software licensing agreement that
Dan: I told Rena I was like, Hey, look! I've white labeled ship before, and these are the issues. So we ran those by them, and they're made assurances. And then we just memorialize those into the agreement. We're like, all right. This is what you said. So we put it in there.
Dan: and I sent that back on Tuesday, and then he came back yesterday and said, All right, we're good.
Dan: I was like, Okay.
Dan: and I'm like they definitely are not running this by a lawyer because their turnaround was way too fast.
Tina Marie: But okay.
Dan: Contract.
Tina Marie: But but that's not the same thing as like the spotify thing, because I thought that that's you.
Dan: Oh, no, no. So we have
Dan: no, no, no! So we have our spotify app that I have not resubmitted because I'm
Dan: like they're just gonna deny us again all the feedback I'm getting from other developers like you cannot get approved.
Dan: So I need to like strip it down to do next to nothing. And then, in the interim we set up an account with a 3rd party
Dan: provider. But it's not a white label. Actually, we haven't set that up. But we decided that on Monday I was like, Hey, I think we could just go use these guys for the one function.
Dan: So I actually actually might set that account up today. And then our spotify app.
Dan: I don't know. I mean, I'll maybe I'll work. I probably won't even work on it next week, but I'll get back to it and then
Dan: have sod strip it down to
Dan: just do a single thing. And I'm like, maybe we if we get approved for the single thing. I think we're good.
Tina Marie: You basically just trying to get your foot in the door of approval.
Dan: We don't need the other stuff, right? So it was like.
Dan: There, there's a there's another competitor. This might be where you're referring to. There's this other competitor that I keep meaning to go like sign up for their thing and go through. They do have all the functions that we have. So I'm like they got approved.
Dan: So maybe if I look at their shit I can figure out what we're doing wrong. I mean, I figured I figured out one thing that we're doing wrong, that we just have to get rid of.
Dan: But those guys have some of the additional functionality that we are
Dan: on, that they were approved for. So I'm like, maybe they have a disclaimer. I do honestly think it's like their pop-up window is right, and our pop up window is wrong and spotify. Won't tell me what's wrong.
Tina Marie: Right.
Dan: It out!
Tina Marie: Okay.
Dan: Of course I don't remember the name of the company, so I need to find it again.
Dan: Sorry.
Tina Marie: I'm not even asleep. It's just stupid oxygen. Because, you know, everything's blooming allergies choke you.
Dan: I don't know.
Tina Marie: Mark, you were talking about
Tina Marie: how he used cold dms to fill his calendar like you said it was like, Okay, I don't know if these notes are right, but I remember it's crazy. But the notes say 22 calls booked in 2h.
Dan: Yep.
Dan: That is right.
Tina Marie: And
Tina Marie: but then I was trying to remember, like what he was selling them into, and I think the conversion rate was not that high, but it was a few.
Tina Marie: anyway.
Tina Marie: Is there?
Tina Marie: What.
Dan: You cut out that.
Tina Marie: Oh, weird!
Dan: He's selling them into the $2,000 thing or the $2,500 thing.
Dan: I don't know what the conversion rate is on those 22, specifically, because
Dan: I actually highly doubt we flag those as like
Dan: other right like, oh, cold outreach. DM.
Tina Marie: Well, it's a small enough number that Mark should be able to manually identify them.
Dan: Oh, there we go!
Dan: He definitely closed some of them, for sure. I just don't know how many of him.
Tina Marie: I mean, that's a system right there. And that's definitely a, you know, in a pinch, if they needed it. Kind of thing. But there's something to be learned from that. So like, 1st of all, what was his DM. Approach?
Tina Marie: Who did he target? What did that conversation look like? Who said, Yes, what are their avatars? What are you laughing at?
Dan: Because I love that you think there's a depth of knowledge, depth of anything to this.
Tina Marie: Yes.
Dan: He just did it, and I'm like, Wait, what did you do?
Dan: So what he did was he? Just he just redmed everybody that was ever qualified at once.
Dan: That's it. And I was like, Oh, we could. We could! We could automate that.
Tina Marie: Well, that's at least still something from the same thing.
Tina Marie: Where do you know the DM. Say.
Dan: I have a copy of it. I forget what it said. But I was like, we're just gonna use that. And how many.
Tina Marie: To go out to.
Dan: Like to whatever I said. 200 200 and something.
Tina Marie: Okay, so like 10% response.
Dan: Yeah.
Dan: Well, actually, it might have gone out to I think he got.
Dan: I think he got capped, because that account hadn't. There's there's SMS thresholds in
Dan: high level that you have to
Dan: kind of breakthrough. So it's like, if you've never sent 200 dms in a day. Well, that's 1 of the ceilings. So I think that was part of the issue that he ran into is like he tried to DM.
Dan: 400 people or whatever, so I don't know if he ever went back and did the rest, but
Dan: he hit the 200 threshold, so it it sent out 200, and then all the other ones I've heard just fail
Dan: because they won't send them for you. But and then the next day your new ceiling opens.
Dan: and let's say, that's 5, 300. I don't know what it is. I mean, they're posted somewhere, but you started out at like 20 a day, and then you've once you hit 20, then it opens up the next level, and there's no way to
Dan: advance through that or get them to unlock it for you. The only way to go advance through it is to hit the threshold that that the threshold that you're in at that time, and then
Dan: it unlocks the next level the next day, so he at least sent 200. It might have been more if he sent more, but I kind of am not sure he did.
Dan: I'll have to ask.
Tina Marie: Yeah, I mean, I I would love to know everything around that, because that seems like he.
Tina Marie: there's data in there to help your funnel system whatever for acquisition. Basically, there's a there's a mini acquisition system there.
Tina Marie: Oh, yeah, I already built it.
Tina Marie: Got it.
Dan: I built it.
Tina Marie: Around. What he did that worked is what I'm saying.
Dan: Yes, yeah, yeah. I was like, Oh, we should just make this a thing. Right? So it's like.
Dan: we just, I'm I just. I didn't activate it, but it's I just have to pick.
Dan: I mean, I guess I should go look at her. I guess we do. I just didn't know what
Dan: coldness to set
Dan: right. So I'm like, Well, who booked a call? Were they people from 4 months ago, or were they more recent people? So if you got a bunch of people that were only 45 days cold. Well, then, I'm gonna set the coldness to 45, so that in 45 days. Every qualified lead that did not book a call is, gonna Get that? DM,
Dan: so. But I have not figured that out yet.
Dan: but I built so it's like one step in the automation that's not filled out.
Tina Marie: Okay, we can't get there now. But I would love just because of the visualizing and also because well, multiple reasons. But this is your fun thing, but it also needs to pay the bills. And did you ever figure out how much they owe you?
Tina Marie: I know, Mark.
Dan: That is, that is a work in progress. I am figuring it out. I actually just did a dump of a bunch of fees yesterday, and then Stacy and I I've been maintaining a list like every day. I'll go. Oh, yep, there's another one. I forgot. I paid those guys. Stacy started pulling some upwork data.
Dan: I pulled the high level fees yesterday.
Dan: Stacy pulled the
Dan: wise right? So we pay all the not all. Whatever. Some people we pay through wise. Some people we pay through upwork right? Most of the Devs are through wise other off one officer through upwork. So she started compiling all that.
Dan: And then I have a list of like
Dan: all these other things that we have to go look up. So it'd be like, Okay, I paid, for instance, this company apex was the software that we tested for managing Facebook ads through high level.
Dan: I paid them.
Dan: Did I pay him a month? Did I pay him 3 months I have no idea.
Dan: but if I go into the credit card and I search for apex, I can get that.
Tina Marie: Bye, apex, not apex apex. What is that?
Dan: Yeah, it's like the, it's like a white label.
Dan: It's not just Facebook. It's like a white label ads management thing that you can iframe into high, level.
Tina Marie: Oh, it's like, okay. So what I would like to.
Dan: Oh, I just thought him another one. What
Dan: another one that I'm paying for! I'm gonna go add it to the list.
Tina Marie: Okay.
Tina Marie: So anyway, next week I'm gonna check with you on your bill just to make sure you're getting to that number. And then I'd love to touch bases more on, like what you're building in terms of
Tina Marie: the funnel
Tina Marie: to the visual point that I can wrap my head around it, because that's where my questions come from. If I can't visualize it, I can't ask you questions that are useful. I mean, there's.
Dan: Which one puddle.
Tina Marie: For No, no, no, no
Tina Marie: Fan flowy, I guess what you're doing with the guys. Mom, but it's fan flowing right.
Dan: Yeah, yeah. But like a specific funnel, the one that's.
Tina Marie: Basically specifically around like what Mark did and how you can automate that. But basic any way that you can get people into the community and have what you're doing with those guys make you money.
Dan: Yeah. Yeah. So the only one running right now is the song, submission funnel. Yeah.
Tina Marie: Yeah, anyway.
Tina Marie: Just sorry. My brain is like really shutting down right now.
Tina Marie: yeah, that's that's what I want to ask you more about. But what I'm gonna do is also work on this
Tina Marie: cloud version. I wanna know where the hell all my extra stuff is. It's supposed to be 20 times extra. There wasn't even like 2 times extra. But whatever it's the the technology.
Tina Marie: whatever you know it is, it's good, it's bad, it's frustrating, and then blah blah!
Tina Marie: Anything just like new on the horizon, or good bad, whatever that I didn't even know to ask about.
Dan: Well, since I am not allowing anything new. No.
Tina Marie: Good.
Tina Marie: Oh, Evelyn, how's how like you were talking about hiring her.
Dan: She's hired. She's she's working on the song submission funnel.
Dan: So like, what happens is people.
Dan: Somehow they screw it up because they're people.
Dan: So what happens is they'll end up with 2 records.
Dan: One is the song, and one is the lead, and then Evelyn goes through and merges them. If she can't figure out who it is.
Dan: There's an automation set up, and I'm like, add this tag. It'll email them
Dan: if they respond, merge them. If they don't respond.
Dan: I don't care.
Dan: So she's working on that. And then I put together a 90 day sort of community launch plan. And then I put together a community management document.
Dan: So, and I sent her the book I was like, All right. You got to look at this book.
Dan: Here's how we're going to run the community. She's in the community.
Dan: So as soon as the book is done, which will be sometime next week, my thought was to
Dan: reach out to everybody that some chunk of the leads
Dan: and just give them the book
Dan: like, Here you go. We're launching this book.
Dan: We're giving it away to you. We're giving away the 1st 500 copies for free
Dan: here's where you can get it and then invite them to the community.
Dan: And Yada Yada Yada, maybe maybe do a webinar or some shit. I don't know
Dan: and then get start getting people in the community that have the book and see what happens.
Dan: And then the book funnel
Dan: I have to map. I realized I left 2 pages off I don't know how, but I went to send it to Greg. No, I'm sorry I went to send it to the developers yesterday, and I was like, Wait a minute. There's 2 pages missing, so I have to go.
Dan: show Greg with those. But I have one. And then I was like, I don't know if that's right. So anyway, I'm gonna that's my thing. I'm gonna do this afternoon. Figure out the 2 pages, send them to Greg, have him design it, then kick it over to
Dan: the developers and have them build it.
Tina Marie: Okay. One other thing I think that maybe would be beneficial to do is create an org chart for mom.
Dan: Have you been talking to Bobby.
Tina Marie: No.
Dan: What's go? What the hell's going on
Dan: that came up on that came up on Monday.
Dan: he said. You know what would be helpful for me just like you.
Dan: We had a chart that said so. He was
Dan: touching on 2 things well, and then that sparked my thing because we were laying out the rocks. So Bobby was like, we need like, who's doing, what? What does this look like? And I said, Okay, well, then, that it's like a
Dan: accountability chart. But I'm like
Dan: we're going to define the roles. And who's in the roles right now, and like what the roles are, gonna be because right now, people are in multiple roles.
Dan: So
Dan: yeah, I don't know if he's starting that I don't know who got that. Somebody got that. It might be me.
Dan: But I I weirdly started working on it on the side and didn't tell anybody.
Tina Marie: Well to the conversation that we had last week. We were talking about segmentation and keeping guys in their genius zones. You brought Evelyn in like, it's really starting to shape up into an actual business. And so the structure is important. The role should be defined so that we're not, you know, overlapping, but also so that
Tina Marie: you know, like, like we were talking about Johnny being top Jack, of all trades, kind of thing. We know that.
Dan: This is a rock.
Tina Marie: Yeah. Okay. Great.
Dan: So Monday, yeah, this became a rock. It was the last rock, I added.
Tina Marie: It doesn't suck that Bobby and I are on the same page. There.
Dan: It's called strategic delegation. That's what I came up with. So part of it is laying it out. And then the other part is
Dan: looking at okay, like Sean and Johnny. So I didn't.
Dan: I guess Sean and Johnny both do onboarding. But Shawn does it more. And I was like, okay, how much more?
Dan: How long does it take? So we got to start gathering that stuff.
Dan: But to your point, onboarding is a role for sure.
Dan: at least as long as we're selling the $2,000 thing.
Tina Marie: Yeah.
Tina Marie: okay, I will hold the rest of the questions then, and work on formulating some of this a little bit more. But
Tina Marie: yeah, mostly because my brain just went bloop.
Dan: That's okay. I'm starving all of a sudden. So.
Tina Marie: I think that's my issue. I think my sugar just like it crashed, and then I can't even formulate a sentence very well like I think it. And then, like, Wait, was that right? It's really annoying. But yeah, bodies are fun.
Tina Marie: anyway. Okay, that's it. You.
Dan: Okay.
Tina Marie: Have a good weekend. What day is it? It's Thursday, yeah.
Dan: It's Thursday.
Tina Marie: Oh, it's tax time, too. That's fun!
Tina Marie: Did that already.
Tina Marie: Never mind.
Dan: We have to email the bookkeeper. I'm gonna do that right now.
Tina Marie: I'm a bookkeeper. Alright, sir, I will talk to you on Monday. You have a great day bye.
Dan: Bupa.